Migrate to heroku (#51)
vacuumlabs/pay-overview: README.md

# PO

Pay Overview

## Setup

 1. Install Node.js

>  1. Install [yarn](https://yarnpkg.com).
>  1. Install all dependencies - run `yarn` in root folder.
>  1. Copy `server/.env.template` into `server/.env` and change your settings.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 2. Install [yarn](https://yarnpkg.com).
 3. Install all dependencies - run `yarn` in root folder.
 4. Copy `server/.env.template` into `server/.env` and change your settings.
```

Project uses yarn workspaces structure. You should run every yarn command from root folder.

## Usage

> 1. `yarn dev` - run the app in development mode
> 1. `yarn build && yarn start` - run the app in production mode
> 1. `yarn eslint` - run eslint
> 1. `yarn spj` - sort each package.json
> 1. `yarn spj-check` - check if each package.json is sorted

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - `yarn dev` - run the app in development mode
 - `yarn build && yarn start` - run the app in production mode
 - `yarn eslint` - run eslint
 - `yarn spj` - sort each package.json
 - `yarn spj-check` - check if each package.json is sorted
```

## Sheets

1. [create service account](https://developers.google.com/identity/protocols/OAuth2ServiceAccount#creatinganaccount) and fill info in `.env`

> 1. enable Google Sheets api for that account
> 1. [get sheet id](https://stackoverflow.com/a/49042689/2599892) from url and insert it into `.env`
> 1. share that sheet with the email from service account (same as in `.env`)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. enable Google Sheets api for that account
3. [get sheet id](https://stackoverflow.com/a/49042689/2599892) from url and insert it into `.env`
4. share that sheet with the email from service account (same as in `.env`)
```
